midsummer and i'm back in the pay at
national forest trying to make contact
with our bare we're getting a good
signal from the radio collar which means
he's close but we just can't see a bear
anywhere perhaps he's hiding up a tree
so he's probably moved up the hill it's
like a game of hide and seek and the
bear isn't winning he can hear us coming
and he just doesn't want anything to do
with people it's always a concern that
wild animals that have been hand reared
will go to humans looking for food but
that hasn't happened in over 40 bears
sally has released and it certainly
isn't happening this time well he's
right down here in this thick vegetation
I can't believe we don't see him yet
there he is there he is right okay
well all this watching is patient what
she has just paid off are you please
John this is exactly what we hope for a
bear that's survived for almost seven
months now and and we can't get close to
it it's a it's an absolute success
stunning success I'm so excited I can't
tell you just a huge big black bear move
on the other side of the valley all
right another successful release good
demanda hey Berlin
you